Fix incorrect data node rendering for modular pipelines (#1439)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

- Include the ID number for the related PR (or PRs) in parentheses
-->

## Bug fixes and other changes

> - Fix the incorrect rendering of datasets in the modular pipeline. (#1439) 

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
- Fix incorrect rendering of datasets in modular pipelines. (#1439) 
```
